How is the leader?
Decide who to send to fight
I can't help you with this rubbish alone
Why don't you take the initiative to admit defeat now?
I just want you to hand over
The underground management rights of Zhentian Group and Zhongxia General
That's it, I have wolf ambitions
I hand over the management to them
Let the economy and development of the lower middle
Will be poisoned by their throats
If you don't fight
They will surely die for righteousness and do whatever they want
At that time
I always want to be in front of the world, but I can't hold my head up
I serve you shamelessly
You advised me to be seriously injured before you dared to be presumptuous
Mr. Li, that's not what I said
There is a saying among you that is well said
The bigger the wind and waves, the more rain belongs to you
If you don't accept it, just come up and fight
I lost the friction group and chose you
And I publicly apologize and admit that the West has no doubt
Better than loyalty and filial piety
Shameless's deliberate convener announced to the world
Force us to do it
Of course, if you lose
I want to group all day
Then call the entire ideal of loyalty and filial piety
This dirty towel has a big appetite.
Not afraid of dying
Brother has documents and responsibilities
We'll definitely get it.
Lower and middle underground management rights
I can't call out
Ralph, stop being delusional
I can't possibly agree to your condition.
Good idea.
Bet on it